Document remote url for saucectl apps (#1232)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/espresso.md

### `app`
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

> Either a local path, url, or storage identifier to the app under test. This property supports expanded environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a local path, URL, or storage identifier to your app under test. This property supports expanded environment variables.
```

> Either a local path, url, or storage identifier to the app under test. This property supports expanded environment variables.

Reviewer: What is a storage identifier?

Author: The id of the file in the storage service. I guess its referred to as `file_id`? https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/app-storage/#using-application-storage-with-automated-test-builds

> When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/filename.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports \*.apk and \*.aab files.

Reviewer: File type formatting style: https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/app-storage/#accepted-file-types

```suggestion
When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/filename.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports *.apk and *.aab files.
```

> Either a local path, url, or storage identifier to the app under test. This property supports expanded environment variables.
> 
> When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/filename.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports \*.apk and \*.aab files.
> 
> When defining a url to your app, it will be downloaded to a local temporary directory before being uploaded to the storage service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a local path, URL, or storage identifier to the app under test. This property supports expanded environment variables.

When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/filename.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports \*.apk and \*.aab files.

When defining a URL to your app, it will be downloaded to a local temporary directory before being uploaded to Sauce storage.
```

### `testApp`
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

Either a local path, url, or storage identifier to the testing app. This property supports expanded environment variables.

> When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/testfile.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports \*.apk and \*.aab files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When defining a local path, the default directory is `{project-root}/apps/testfile.apk`. The app will be uploaded to the Sauce Labs storage service. Supports *.apk and *.aab files.
```

### `otherApps`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | ARRAY | REAL DEVICES ONLY |</small></p>

> Set of up to seven apps to pre-install for your tests. You can upload an \*.apk  or \*.aab app file from your local machine by specifying a filepath (relative location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.apk`), a remote url, or you can specify an app that has already been uploaded to [Sauce Labs App Storage](/mobile-apps/app-storage) by providing the reference `storage:<fileId>` or `storage:filename=<filename>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set of up to seven apps to pre-install for your tests. You can upload an *.apk  or *.aab app file from your local machine by specifying a filepath (relative location is `{project-root}/apps/app1.apk`), a remote url, or you can specify an app that has already been uploaded to [Sauce Labs App Storage](/mobile-apps/app-storage) by providing the reference `storage:<fileId>` or `storage:filename=<filename>`.
```
